update change logs with lease put improvements (#16090)
etcd-io/etcd: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-3.4.md

### etcd server
- Fix [corruption check may get a `ErrCompacted` error when server has just been compacted](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/16047)

> - Improve [Lease put performance with disabled auth](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/16020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve [Lease put performance for the case that auth is disabled or the user is admin](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/16020)
```
